hey guys so today I'm doing a very
exciting video I'm showing you some of
my all-time favorite contemporary books
I'm a contemporary fanatic it's
basically all I read I don't really read
just dystopian or any of those books I
don't really know I don't really read
those I read occasionally some of those
when they get really really recommended
to me but I really just stick to romance
II sappy contemporary young adult new
adult books they're my favorite so I
want to show you guys some of my
favorites so I can spread the
contemporary love or whatever and yeah
hope you guys know this video so just if
you're interested I'm starting with um
young adult books the first one I've got
is Lola and the boy next door by
Stephanie Perkins this is the second in
a companion novel which is called in the
French kiss which is very very popular
and I've read but I only own Lola
Minotaur and Lola is actually my
favorite so I really recommend this book
it's really really nice easy read I
think I read it like a day and I really
like the characters in this one Lola is
so creative and fun if you're a creative
and fun person especially with your
style and clothing and stuff I think
this is a very good book for you and
yeah these books are very like romancey
so yeah that's what's to expect with the
contemporary anyway but yeah so one of
my favorites for an adult but everything
laughs is mixed I have the Duff by Cody
Keplinger
I adore this book I read it and also a
day most of these every books in a day
all the time but this is so good it's
the designated ugly fat friend and I
just loved the characters in this one as
well the charisma that the main
character Bianca has is just so funny
and perfect and I really like loved
every second of the story I loved the
characters and there was a little bit of
a family aspect to it which made it
really nice and it wasn't all 100%
romance it was friendships and family
and other like things and I don't know I
just really really liked this book so I
recommend that other young adult is my
life next door by Huntley Fitzpatrick I
love this book very very much um it's
about this girl named Samantha and she
meets this guy next door named Jace and
um he lives next door obviously how do
we like this book it was nice um
especially in this one more so than the
job there's a lot of family aspect to it
and I really liked that because most of
the books I read it's like 100% romance
so these like young adult ones that have
some sort of family stuff in them too
aren't really
to read and I just pot and this was
really great so again the last four you
have an adult I just have John Green
books which is sort of cheating because
I have three right here but I'm not
going to spend too much time on this
subject because all of you probably
already know how wonderful John Green is
but if you have not read The Fault in
Our Stars which you probably have if you
haven't I don't know what you're doing
Looking for Alaska which you should also
read and this is Will Grayson Will
Grayson which is also co-written by
David Levy and it's a really good book
so if you haven't read any of these
books just go read them because they're
just sort of like necessity books that
you have to read um yeah John Green is
like the man like you need to read John
Green now for my new adult books the
first one I'm going to show you is my
favorite book it's just I love it so
much it was the first book that really
introduced me to the new adult genre so
to speak and that is beautiful disaster
by Jamie McGuire I know this is a very
popular new adult book it's one of the
most popular ones and I just love it I
love the characters Travis and I'm Abby
are just my favorite characters and
there's also walking disaster so this is
in Abby's point of view this is in
Travis's point of view so both excellent
excellent books I love this it's kind of
like the good girl bad boy type thing
and then I just got this which is the
novella called a beautiful wedding so
they did it all perfect then they're
just all my favorite books okay so if
you have my beautiful disaster I would
read it because it's the best thing ever
and you'll love it just as much as I do
I promised which is probably like my
second favorite is hopeless by Colleen
Hoover which looks like this and I just
love this book so so much it's amazing
it's one of those books where you're
reading it and you're like oh this is
what this was the books about like this
is what it's about and then you're like
a couple more chapters in and like wait
no that's not what the books about it's
about this this is what the books about
and then you get further and you're like
no no it's about this you don't know
what this books about until like the
last chapter okay it is so good and I
was so shocked and oh like this book is
just so good like it's very
unpredictable which you find with a lot
of romance books they can tend to be
pretty predictable but this one wasn't
and I'm losing hope is the second one's
in Skye's point of you and this one's
and holders
one of you so they're like the same book
again sort of like with the beautiful
disaster thing but so xed I have slam
which is also by Colleen Hoover and I
hold a very well place in my heart for
this book because slim it incorporates
slam poetry in here slam poetry is like
my favorite thing I love poetry I write
poetry poetry is just just a huge poetry
fanatic in to have like a book you would
all pose by Colleen Hoover it has slam
poetry in it that's just beautiful like
I can't and there's also pointed retreat
which is the second one and then there's
this girl which is sort of like a
parallel to the first one but in the
guy's point of view but not really
because it's different but first one is
Lincoln's point of view which is the
main girl character and the last two are
in wells point of view I think if I
remember correctly yeah so these are
really really good if you like slam
poetry and that's a car if you'd like
slam poetry I really recommend it to you
even if you don't like slam poetry maybe
you'll find a new love or maybe you'll
just read these because they're really
good
so just calling Hoover guys Colleen
we've got the coincidence of Callie and
Caden - bye Jessica Sorensen this book
is lovely I run it awhile ago
meaning like December but I read so many
books that I can't remember maybe it was
November when I read this but this is a
really good book it's about Caden and
Callie who would have thought that and
it's about this girl and I know that she
goes to college and she knew this guy
Caden from which was in high school and
then she somehow bumps into me again at
college and all this stuff happens and
there's a second one called the
redemption of Callan Caden that I
haven't read yet I just bought it and I
didn't know was out yet guys freaking
out right I got this yesterday I didn't
know was out yet let's freaked out when
I bought it so yeah I gotta read that
one but yeah these are lovely books well
the first one is it
I can just patch in 10-second with Lobo
next we have the edge of never by jay a
red mirskiy I love this book it's like a
400 page book oh yeah I read it in a day
so if that doesn't tell you it's good I
don't know what I know that there's a
little bit of mixed reviews um about
this book I know I've recommended it to
people and they haven't hundreds it
loves it as much as I loved it but I've
also heard incredible rave reviews on it
on good reason YouTube about people
being obsessed with it like I am so who
really knows give it a try and see if
you like it and there's a second one
called the edge of always which I also
got yesterday guys so excited for this
it can so excited I love these books
that's about Cameron and Andrew and I
love these books cuz they're very like
cool like it's not just romance it's
like they go on this big trip and it's
like this road trip and it's like
finding themselves and it's good I'd
read these my last favorite contemporary
new adult book is easy by tomorrow ever
and I'm obsessed with this book it it's
great I read it in a day that should
just be my thing because I read books in
a day like this one because it didn't
just show romance it showed a lot of
different things in it and I learned a
lot from this book really and I just
really liked it I don't know I've heard
a lot of great things about it and it's
just a beautiful book the characters in
here are great and those guys those are
all of my book recommendations for now
um I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and if you want to see more book videos
for me let me know in the comments below
or wherever and I will get that so thank
you so much for watching and I'll talk
to you all very very soon hi it showed I
just hit myself in the face with a book